c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\ALaMaronaDAL.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\ALaMaronaDAL.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\NHibernate.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\obj\Debug\ALaMaronaDesktop.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\ALaMarona.Domain.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ALaMaronaDesktop\bin\Debug\ALaMarona.Domain.pdb
