c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\ConfigByAppConfig.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\ConfigByAppConfig.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\ConfigByAppConfig.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\ALaMaronaDAL.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\Remotion.Data.Linq.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\ALaMaronaDAL.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\NHibernate.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\NHibernate.ByteCode.Castle.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\obj\Debug\ConfigByAppConfig.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\obj\Debug\ConfigByAppConfig.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\obj\Debug\ConfigByAppConfig.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\ALaMarona.Domain.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ALaMaronaDesktop\ConfigByAppConfig\bin\Debug\ALaMarona.Domain.pdb
